# Brightstone Cove Tseldora

Souls: approximately 31,807

{% youtube id="s1tGwxgKV18", title="Farming souls at Brightstone Cove Tseldora, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Royal Army Campsite bonfire. Equip the Warlock Mask, Jester's
Gloves, Covetous Silver Serpent Ring+2, and the Raw Greatsword+8. You should be
able to one-hand the Greatsword. Use a bow and arrows to snipe the Falconer x 2
on raised platforms, otherwise they would shoot arrows at you while you fight
the other enemies. An Undead Peasant can be found digging at a nearby field. Use
a bow and arrows to lure a Falconer to your location, where you can easily
engage in one-on-one combat. One Falconer is hiding inside a tent near the
bonfire. You should find Enslaved Pig x 2 wandering around near the well. A
third Enslaved Pig can be found underground, accessible by dropping down the
well.

Go along a path to find a bunch of Undead Peasants, some of whom are standing
near two boulders, waiting to ambush you. Use a bow and arrows to shoot the
barricades that are holding back the boulders, thus preempting the ambush. Climb
a wooden ladder and defeat any surviving Undead Peasants. Descend the ladder to
find two groups of Undead Peasants nearby. Faced with a group of Undead
Peasants, you might find the one-handed R1 of the Greatsword to be effective at
crowd control.

Enter a building to find a cave where Parasite Spider x 3 lie in wait. The cave
further ahead has many more Parasite Spiders. You don't need to hold the torch
in the left hand to repel the spiders. The one-handed R1 of the Greatsword is
effective at targeting multiple spiders. Make your way past the arena where you
fought Prowling Magus and the Congregation. Rest at the Chapel Threshold
bonfire.

Descend the nearby flight of stairs and defeat Parasite Spider x 2. The adjacent
room has a bunch of Parasite Spiders clinging to the ceiling, waiting to drop
down and ambush you. Enter the room to trigger the spiders to drop down, then
backtrack through the door. The narrow door should funnel the spiders. A Hollow
Mage is standing on the edge of a platform. Use a bow and arrows to snipe Hollow
Mage x 2 below and Parasite Spider x 2. Backtrack up the staircase and drop down
on to the other side. Or use the zip line to reach the other side.

Enter the room where Creighton and Pate were fighting. Go outside to the
balcony, where you can safely use a bow and arrows to snipe a bunch of Parasite
Spiders. A Parasitized Undead is sitting on a ledge, in front of a Parasite
Spider hanging on a wall. Drop down onto a platform and enter a room where you
can find Parasitized Undead x 2 and a Parasite Spider. Go outside and drop down
to the sand floor. Be wary of Sand Basilisks hiding underneath the sand. A
Parasitized Undead is found near a wooden cart. Explore the surrounding
buildings and defeat the various groups of Parasite Spiders and Parasitized
Undeads. Hollow Mage x 2 are hiding above the Lower Brightstone Cove bonfire.

Proceed to the wooden bridge that leads to the building above Freja's arena. Use
a bow and arrows to lure the Undead Peasant x 4 to you. Enter the building and
trigger the various Parasite Spiders to drop down. You might have to use a bow
and arrows to snipe some spiders that refuse to drop down. Find a Parasitized
Undead standing in front of a wooden ladder. Light the torch, climb the ladder,
and drop down to the area in front of Freja's arena. The torch should repel the
spiders as you make your way to the floor. Note that the torch doesn't repel the
Undead Peasant x 3 located on the floor. Use a Homeward Bone to return to the
last bonfire where you rested.
