# Doors of Pharros

Souls: approximately 10,245

{% youtube id="AHBnnolLckU", title="Farming souls at Doors of Pharros, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Gyrm's Respite bonfire. Equip the Covetous Silver Serpent Ring+1,
Warlock Mask, and Jester's Gloves. A Raw Greatsword+7 is recommended. Defeat a
nearby Primal Knight. While you fight this enemy, a Gyrm Warrior would slowly
walk down an inclined path towards you. Go up the inclined path to find a Gyrm
kneeling in front of a wooden chest. Take the opportunity to backstab the Gyrm.

Backtrack to the bonfire and proceed through a narrow opening to find a Primal
Knight and a Dog Rat. Wait for the Dog Rat to run towards you, dispatch of the
enemy, and then fight the Primal Knight. You might want to equip the Ash Knuckle
Ring because a Dog Rat can build up your petrify metre. Locate a Pharros
contraption on the floor in the water. You should have inserted a Pharros'
Lockstone into that contraption to reveal a small opening, behind which is a
Primal Knight. The enemy can't reach you through the small opening. Use the
opportunity to cheese the Primal Knight. Proceed along the right wall to find a
room where Dog Rat x 2 are waiting to charge at you.

Climb a stone ladder and make your way along a path, fighting Gyrm x 3 along the
way. Go through an entrance to find Gyrm Warrior x 3 on elevated platforms. You
will find three Pharros contraptions side by side. You should have inserted a
Pharros' Lockstone into the middle contraption to reveal a small opening. The
Primal Knight inside won't be able to reach you through the small opening.
Cheese the Primal Knight as per above. Rest at the Ordeal's End bonfire if you
want.

Make your way to Brightstone Cove Tseldora. A Gyrm Warrior who wields two great
axes is blocking your path. Bait him into throwing both weapons at you, then
fight him. Push forward to find a Gyrm kneeling in front of a sconce and take
the opportunity to backstab this enemy. A Gyrm Warrior is waiting near the exit
of Doors of Pharros. Rest at the Royal Army Campsite bonfire.
