# Dragon Shrine

Souls: approximately 80,616

{% youtube id="mswjpxg4OgE", title="Farming souls at Dragon Shrine, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Shrine Entrance bonfire. Two-hand the Raw Greatsword+10 and equip
these: Covetous Silver Serpent Ring+1, Nahr Alma Hood, Nahr Alma Robes, Jester's
Gloves, and Tseldora Trousers. If you want, equip the Watchdragon Parma to
increase your item discovery.

Go up the stairs to find a Drakekeeper and the first group of Dragon Knight x 2.
Use a bow and Poison Arrows to poison the Drakekeeper. Once the Drakekeeper is
poisoned, use Wood Arrows or Iron Arrows to chip the enemy's HP. One backstab
from the Raw Greatsword+10 should kill any of the passive Dragon Knights. All
Dragon Knights from the group would be hostile towards you as soon as you attack
a Dragon Knight. Use the one-handed R1 of the Greatsword to fight a hostile
Dragon Knight. Whenever you're overwhelmed by multiple Dragon Knights, sprint to
the bridge that connects Dragon Shrine to Dragon Aerie. Ascend another staircase
and use the above strategy to deal with the Drakekeeper and Dragon Knight x 2.
Make your way through an archway and go up two flights of stairs to find Dragon
Knight x 2. Drop off a ledge to find a Drakekeeper and another Dragon Knight
x 2. Drop off another ledge to find a wooden chest and the summon sign of
Bashful Ray. Here you would find a Drakekeeper and a Dragon Knight. Now summon
Bashful Ray to help you distract the final horde of Dragon Knights before the
arena of the Ancient Dragon. Use a bow and arrows to lure one Dragon Knight at a
time to your location. If multiple enemies are running towards you, use the
narrow hallway to help you funnel the enemies. Use the Aged Feather to warp back
to the last bonfire at which you rested.
