# Drangleic Castle

Souls: approximately 60,077

{% youtube id="C27-UmAVmb4", title="Farming souls at Drangleic Castle, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Ruined Fork Road bonfire. Have some Poison Moss ready. Equip the
Raw Greatsword+10, Covetous Silver Serpent Ring+1, Warlock Mask, and Jester's
Gloves. Proceed to the Shrine of Winter, defeating Falconer x 4 and various
other enemies along the way. You might want to one-hand the Greatsword and R1 to
deal with each apparition-like enemy. From the Shrine of Winter, push forward to
the entrance of Drangleic Castle. The Primal Knight x 2 on the staircase before
the entrance can be difficult to handle because they would gank you. Get in one
hit and back away. Rinse and repeat. Defeat the Royal Swordsman x 2 in front of
the entrance. Slowly approach one of the statues to see whether it would
transform into a Royal Guard. There should be Royal Guard x 3. Enter the castle
and find the same statues scattered in a hallway. Four of these statues would
transform into Royal Guards, one of which is blocking the door to the King's
Gate bonfire. Open the door and enter the room to find a Royal Swordsman
disguised as a statue. Descend the iron ladder and rest at the King's Gate
bonfire.

Equip the Tower Shield. Enter the room repleted with Stone Soldiers. Use the
one-handed R1 of the Greatsword to dispatch of one Stone Soldier at a time.
Beware: one or more Ruin Sentinels would run out of their rooms to fight you.
Try to lure only one Ruin Sentinel out of their room and into a different, but
larger room to fight. Use the Tower Shield to block and strafe behind, then get
in one hit. Make your way to the Central Castle Drangleic bonfire. Along the
way, you would find numerous statues of Royal Swordsman and Royal Guard, some of
which are actual enemies in disguise. You must get past a room filled with
poison traps. Consume a Poison Moss if necessary. Rest at the Central Castle
Drangleic bonfire.

Climb a steep iron ladder to reach a room filled with statues of Stone Soldiers.
Get close to the door to trigger a Wall Warrior to appear. The adjacent room has
Manikin x 2 clinging to the ceiling. Use the doorway to funnel these enemies.
The adjacent large hall contains various Old Knights. One Old Knight can be
found standing at the top of a staircase. Use a bow and arrows to lure the enemy
down. Use the Tower Shield to block attacks, strafe behind the knight, and get
in one hit. Two other Old Knights can be found on the top floor. Lure them to
the entrance connecting the room where the Manikin x 2 were found. The Old
Knights are too large to get through the entrance, giving you an opportunity to
cheese the enemies. Two-hand the Greatsword, get in one hit, and back away. Exit
the large hall to find an Alonne Knight Captain and a Gargoyle standing on the
rooftop of a building. Use a bow and arrows to cheese the Alonne Knight Captain.
Climb a ladder to reach the rooftop, where you can fight the Gargoyle. Use the
Tower Shield to block attacks, strafe behind the Gargoyle, and get in one hit.
Enter a room underneath to find Desert Sorceress x 2. Use a bow and arrows to
cheese each enemy. A Wall Warrior is found near the entrance door. Exit the
other door to find the Central Castle Drangleic bonfire. Push ahead to the area
in front of the arena of Looking Glass Knight. Approach the boss arena to
trigger Stone Knight x 4 to wake up and attack you.
