# Forest of Fallen Giants

## Before The Last Giant

Souls: approximately 2,860

{% youtube id="W4DV58k3gTg", title="Farming souls at Forest of Fallen Giants, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from The Crestfallen's Retreat bonfire. Two-hand the Morning Star or the
Mace. Hollow Infantry x 2 are found wandering near the bonfire. Lure one to the
bonfire, defeat the enemy, and dispatch of the other enemy. Head for the Ogre up
the stream. Fight the Ogre on dry land, not while standing in the water. Bait an
attack and position your character behind the Ogre to bait it into sitting down,
then get in one or two hits. Rinse and repeat until the Ogre is defeated.
Another strategy is to lure the Ogre to the entrance of the nearby cave, where
you can find a wooden chest. Bait the Ogre to perform a body slam or a grab
attack, or any attack where the Ogre drops to the ground, then get in one or two
hits. You have the safety of the cave to rely on. On the other side of the
stream sits a lone Hollow Infantry. Fight this enemy after you have defeated the
Ogre, then rest at the bonfire.

Get rid of the same Hollow Infantry x 2 near the bonfire and head right to find
a tree bridge for crossing the stream. A Hollow Infantry is hiding behind the
other side of the bridge, further ahead is an archer, and behind him is a Hollow
Infantry playing dead. Get rid of the enemy who's hiding behind the bridge while
you avoid the archer. A fourth Hollow Infantry would run out from the right
alcove, above which is another enemy waiting to drop down.

Climb a ladder to find a bunch of Hollow Infantries playing dead. Kill one or
two enemies nearest to the ladder and head to an opening to find another ladder.
Climb up the ladder to trigger a Hollow Infantry to climb down from above, slide
down the ladder, and defeat the enemy. Climb the ladder and make your way to the
lone Hollow Soldier who watches over the Hollow Infantries playing dead. Defeat
the Hollow Soldier and drop down using the opening in the platform. Fight one
Hollow Infantry at a time by staying close to the enemy so as not to trigger
other nearby enemies who are playing dead.

Proceed through an opening in a giant tree trunk, turn left into a hallway, and
prepare for a Hollow Infantry to ambush you. Further along the hallway is an
opening to your right, leading to a room containing Hollow Infantry x 3.
Approach the opening to trigger two enemies to come out from the room, the third
enemy is sitting in a corner of the room. In an alcove adjacent to the room is a
Hollow Soldier waiting to ambush you. Further along the hallway is a flight of
stairs where you can find a Hollow Infantry and an archer. The area at the top
of the stairs contain a Hollow Infantry and a Hollow Soldier who stands on a
tree root that hangs directly above the stairs. Beware of archers from afar whom
you can't reach at the moment. Climb the ladder and go straight ahead to find a
Hollow Soldier. Rest at the Cardinal Tower bonfire.

## After The Last Giant

Souls: approximately 4,296

{% youtube id="gvrVhqUU8Jo", title="Farming souls after The Last Giant, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Cardinal Tower bonfire. Two-hand the Morning Star or the Mace.
Head outside the iron gates to find a lone Hollow Soldier trying to ambush you
at the right corner. Go back inside the room where the bonfire is located, stand
a little bit outside the large hole in the wall to lure a Hollow Soldier into
the room, where you can safely fight him. Proceed along the path where an Old
Ironclad Soldier stands and get rid of the archer who stands on an edge. Now
fight the Old Ironclad Soldier. Bait the horizontal swing and run in for one
hit. The horizontal swing combo is also a good opportunity. Wait for him to
finish the combo and run in for one hit. Underneath the Hollow Soldier who
throws Firebomb is an enemy that wields a halberd; defeat this enemy.

Descend the nearby ladder to reach the path leading to where you found Pate. To
your right is a hole in a wall. Stand at the entrance of this hole to bait the
Hollow Soldiers inside to fire the ballistae. If you do it right, the great
arrows should hit a bunch of gun powder barrels and cause an explosion, thus
killing some enemies. Alternatively, the great arrows can hit a Hollow Soldier
who runs outside to fight you. Next, dispatch of the Hollow Soldier x 3 who were
firing the ballistae. Proceed along the path that leads to a giant corpse. Fight
the Hollow Soldier who is sitting on the ground, then the Hollow Soldier x 2 who
are attacking the giant corpse.

Climb the nearby ladder and turn left into a hallway with a descending
staircase. The hallway leads to the courtyard next to where Pate previously sat.
Defeat Hollow Infantry x 3 and Hollow Soldier x 2. Head for the door that leads
to the arena of The Pursuer, but don't go through the door. Defeat the Hollow
Soldier x 2 nearby and an Old Ironclad Soldier. Walk halfway up a massive
inclined anchor to bait Hollow Infantry x 4 to drop down. Make your way along
the hallway that leads to the shortcut to the Cardinal Tower bonfire. To your
right is a Hollow Soldier sitting on the ground. To your left is the door
leading to a ladder. Defeat the Hollow Soldier sitting near the door. A Hollow
Soldier who wields a halberd would cross the stone bridge to fight you. On
either side of the bridge is a Hollow Soldier playing dead. One plays dead near
a door and the other plays dead near a hole in a wall. Make your way to the
Cardinal Tower bonfire.

## After The Pursuer

Souls: approximately 4,764

{% youtube id="C0ceEb6Wn4o", title="Farming souls after the Pursuer, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Cardinal Tower bonfire. Two-hand the Bastard Sword, or use the
Morning Star or Mace if you prefer. Descend the nearby ladder and defeat Hollow
Soldier x 4 near the bottom of the ladder. Go through the shortcut door near the
ladder and to your right is a Hollow Soldier sitting on the ground. Straight
ahead are Hollow Soldier x 2 who wield shields and spears. Bait both enemies to
thrust with their spears, wait for them to finish their combo, and run in for
the kill. An Ironclad Soldier is hiding behind a cart laden with wooden boxes.
Walk halfway up the inclined anchor to bait Hollow Infantry x 4 to drop down.

Make your way through the door that leads to The Pursuer. At the top of the
first flight of stairs is a Royal Swordsman. A second Royal Swordsman would run
down from the second flight of stairs. The third Royal Swordsman stands at the
top of the third flight of stairs, close to an archer. Run across the arena
where you fought The Pursuer to find Hollow Soldier x 2 attacking a giant
corpse.

Drop down a ledge onto a platform above where you fought the Old Ironclad
Soldier behind a cart. Proceed through a hallway leading to a bunch of barrels,
some of which contain gun powder. Don't dawdle near the barrels; two enemies
above would throw Firebombs at the gun powder barrels. Lure Hollow Soldier x 2
away from the barrels and fight them.

Head for the giant corpse. Defeat a Hollow Soldier who is sitting against a wall
and Hollow Soldier x 2 who are attacking the giant corpse. Hollow Soldier x 4
can be found near the ballistae that aim their great arrows through a hole in a
wall. Climb the ladder near the Cardinal Tower bonfire to defeat Hollow Soldier
x 2. One wields a spear, the other wields a halberd. Go straight ahead and turn
left to find a Hollow Infantry archer and an Old Ironclad Soldier. Be wary of
the enemy throwing Firebomb from atop a raised platform. Enter the room where
the bonfire is located and proceed through the iron gates to find a lone Hollow
Soldier. Finish your route at the Cardinal Tower bonfire.
