# Huntsman's Copse

Souls: approximately 13,188

{% youtube id="YBJIHOyBUdk", title="Farming souls at Huntsman's Copse, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Undead Refuge bonfire. Equip the Covetous Silver Serpent Ring+1,
Bracing Knuckle Ring, and two-hand a Raw Greatsword+6. Proceed through the cave
and defeat Undead Prisoner x 6. An Undead Prisoner is hanging from the edge near
the Bridge Approach bonfire. A Rogue stands at the top of a building, waiting to
ambush you. Go to the entrance of the building to trigger the Rogue to drop
down. Alternatively, use a bow and arrows to snipe the Rogue from afar. Run
inside the building and go to the wooden door to bait the Rogue inside to break
the door, then backtrack and run outside again. A number of enemies would follow
you outside. Make your way through the broken door to find another Rogue. The
room has another Rogue x 2 and Undead Prisoner x 4. Climb the iron ladder to the
rooftop to find Rogue x 2. Drop down from the roof and rest at the Bridge
Approach bonfire.

A wooden ladder is found nearby, at the top of which is a Rogue waiting to
ambush you. Stand near the ladder to bait the Rogue to drop down. Make your way
to the Undead Lockaway bonfire. On your way, kill Undead Prisoner x 2 and a
Rogue before crossing the first stone arch bridge. A Torturer can be seen
standing near an edge. Use bow and arrows to lure the Torturer to drop down.
This enemy is dangerous because they hit hard and can build up your bleed metre.
Wait a while for an Undead Prisoner to drop down from the same edge. Cross the
bridge to find an Artificial Undead and a nearby Undead Prisoner. Use bow and
arrows to snipe the various Great Moths that rain poison mist. Locate another
Artificial Undead standing in a corner.

Enter one of the mounds to summon Bashful Ray to help you clear the area. A
Rogue stands atop a mound near the second stone arch bridge. Cross the bridge to
find a Torturer and a skeleton. Go through a narrow passage and locate Torturer
x 5 standing on elevated platforms, trying to ambush you. Use a bow and arrows
to lure one Torturer to drop down at a time. Head for the bridge that leads to
the Undead Lockaway bonfire. Be wary of Rogue x 3 and a Stray Hound trying to
ambush you. An Undead Prisoner is playing dead inside the mound where you pull a
lever to lower the bridge. Rest at the Undead Lockaway bonfire.

Travel along the outside path that leads to the arena of Skeleton Lords and back
to the bonfire again. (You can choose to first go through the cave if you want.)
Rogue x 4 are found on the path before the fork near where Merciless Roenna
invaded you. Further along you will find Rogue x 5 and Undead Prisoner x 2
within a cave. Head into the cave where Skeleton x 8 are located. Be wary of the
curse pots. Stay far away from them or roll into them. Rest at the Undead
Lockaway bonfire.
