# The Lost Bastille

Souls: approximately 21,456

{% youtube id="nsTKjzSMeG0", title="Farming souls at The Lost Bastille, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from The Tower Apart bonfire. Equip the Covetous Silver Serpent Ring+1,
the Bracing Knuckle Ring, and two-hand the Greatsword+6. Go along a ledge into a
room containing a Royal Swordsman and Stray Hound x 3. Knock a gun powder barrel
over the edge to cause an explosion, which should kill one or all Stray Hounds.
Climb up the iron ladder and kill the lone Undead Jailer. Proceed along the path
littered with gun powder barrels to find another Undead Jailer. Royal Swordsman
x 2 are found near a bunch of barrels and wooden crates.

Open an iron door and enter the room to lure out Royal Swordsman x 5. Inside the
building, you can find another Royal Swordsman x 4. Bait them into attacking the
various gun powder barrels and the explosion should kill them. Descend the
flight of stairs to find an Undead Citizen and a Royal Swordsman.

Make your way to the McDuff's Workshop bonfire, dispatching of an Undead Jailer
along the way. Rest at the bonfire to restore the durability of your equipment.
Find Stray Hound x 7 nearby and get rid of them before dealing with the crossbow
enemies on raised platforms. Break a wooden barrier to reveal a hole in a wall
and enter the building to find an Undead Citizen. Dispatch of the Stray Hound x
2 near the well before dealing with a further Undead Citizen x 2 in a jail cell.

Go to the well and a Royal Swordsman should drop down from a rooftop. Royal
Swordsman x 3 are trying to ambush you inside a room. Don't enter the room via
the door. Instead, climb an iron ladder, defeat the crossbow enemy near a
window, drop down to a platform to defeat the second crossbow enemy, and the
third Royal Swordsman should attempt to reach you via a ladder.

The adjacent room contains a Suspicious Shadow who hangs from the ceiling. Ride
an elevator up to a room where Undead Citizen x 4 are trying to ambush you.
Descend the stairs to find a further Undead Citizen x 8. Make your way down a
spiral staircase, underneath which is a Royal Swordsman. Rest at the Servants'
Quarters bonfire.

Proceed to Belfry Luna where you would find Bell Keeper x 7, defeat them, and
rest at the Upper Ramparts bonfire. Warp to Straid's Cell bonfire and get rid of
the Undead Citizen x 5 there. Descend a flight of stairs to find another Undead
Citizen x 4. Head outside the building to find a Royal Swordsman hiding around
the corner. Go to Sinner's Rise, defeating an Undead Jailer and Royal Swords x 5
on your way to The Saltfort bonfire.
